[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I'm really excited about
this conversation today.
This is like next level stuff
that no other whistleblower
is talking about.
>> It was such a strange
thing to witness.
He goes, yeah, this is from the
craft they've had since 1940s.
>> Take it from
behind the scenes,
put it into the public
sphere, getting the data.
And we're talking
about hard data.
They want disclosure
to be definite.
And this is one of
the tools that's
going to help facilitate that.
>> They will be able to fast
forward science hundreds
of years.
>> You're the guy
who found the sphere.
I'm a little nervous.
I'll be honest.
>> It's part of disclosure.
And that's why I'm here
on Gaia trying to explain.
>> --Everything around it
to change because it has
to because we are all connected.
>> I'm Josh Golembeski, your
guest host of Cosmic Disclosure.